Rewrite README (#337)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands-CLI: README.md

  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=de">Deutsch</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=es">Español</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=fr">français</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=ja">日本語</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=ko">한국어</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=pt">Português</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=ru">Русский</a> |
  <a href="https://www.readme-i18n.com/OpenHands/OpenHands-CLI?lang=zh">中文</a>
  <hr>
</div>

Run OpenHands agent inside your terminal, favorite IDE, CI pipelines, local browser, or secure OpenHands Cloud sandboxes.

## Installation

### Using uv (Recommended)

Requires Python 3.12+ and [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/).

```bash
uv tool install openhands --python 3.12
```

### Executable Binary

Install the standalone binary with the install script:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://install.openhands.dev/install.sh | sh
```

## Usage

### Quick Start

> The first time you run the CLI, it will guide you through configuring your LLM settings. You can also authenticate with OpenHands Cloud for easy setup:

Reviewer: This may be a tiny little bit controversial, but I think maybe we could split these? Cloud could be below, in Cloud Conversations section.

Otherwise, this reads to me as if you _should_ login with the cloud.
<img width="1134" height="274" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b4adaf9-3b77-40be-bf77-a719b7585528" />

A **lightweight, modern CLI** to interact with the OpenHands agent (powered by [OpenHands Software Agent SDK](https://github.com/OpenHands/software-agent-sdk)).

> Run an autonomous OpenHands agent directly in your terminal, IDE, CI pipelines, browser, etc. Easily create local or remote cloud based conversations

Author: ```suggestion
Run an autonomous OpenHands agent directly in your terminal, IDE, CI pipelines, browser, etc. Easily launch local or remote sandboxed conversations.
```
